Update readmes to match common design (Network Analysis category) 2/2 (#475)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: network_analysis/offline-routing/README.md

# Offline routing

Solve a route on-the-fly using offline data.

![Image of offline routing](OfflineRouting.gif)

## Use case

You can use an offline network to enable routing in disconnected scenarios. For example, you could provide offline location capabilities to field workers repairing critical infrastructure in a disaster when network availability is limited.

## How to use the sample

> Click near a road to start adding a stop to the route, click again to place it on the map. A number graphic will show its order in the route. After adding at least 2 stops, a route will display. Choose "Fastest" or "Shortest" from the drop down menu to control how the route is optimized. Use a secondary click on stops to select them, and then primary-click to re-place them. The route will update on-the-fly while moving stops. The green box marks the boundary of the routable area provided by the offline data.

Reviewer: this section isn't quite right, partially reverting back to original instructions
```suggestion
Left-click near a road to add a stop to the route. A number graphic will show its order in the route. After adding at least 2 stops, a route will display. Choose "Fastest" or "Shortest" from the drop down menu to control how the route is optimized. To move a stop, right-click the graphic to select it, move your mouse to reposition and finally right-click again to set the new position. The route will update on-the-fly while moving stops. The green box marks the boundary of the routable area provided by the offline data.
```
